[Serve] Implement ServeHandle refactoring (#10527)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/package-ref.rst

.. autofunction:: ray.serve.get_handle
.. autoclass:: ray.serve.handle.RayServeHandle

> When calling from Python, Servable will receives ``ServeRequest``
> instead of Flask requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling from Python, the backend implementation will receive ``ServeRequest``
objects instead of Flask requests.
```
